[music]
A
[music] He he
[music]
he.  The night of ignorance, the night of ignorance.  The hibiscus
flowers are fading away in the night.  The great light
descends upon humanity, the Buddha Shakyamuni, his
disciples, their hearts filled with joy,
spreading throughout the three thousand worlds. Look, the light
shines down upon humanity, the Buddha Shakyamuni is
born. Come here, together, come here, together,
bringing sincere hearts,
offering songs, songs of joy to the
Buddha Shakyamuni. Let the disciples bring
love, or the porridge of love, to fill every
corner of the world, sharing the seed of
life, celebrating the birth of the Buddha Shakyamuni on this night.
La la la
la.  My head and the water reflect the image of
the Buddha.  My pain and the echoes of the water, we were all
born together, echoing together, echoing
together, bitterly greeting peace.  Doing things is
fun, doing things is fun, now the whole world is happy
.  La la la la la la la la la.
The night of ignorance, the night of ignorance, the night of the
boundless expanse, there is the great light
shining down upon the house, the holy hymn, the
disciples, together discussing the good news, spreading the good news
throughout the three thousand worlds. There
is the great light shining down upon humanity, the Buddha,
born here, together, together, bringing pure
hearts, together
singing songs, bringing songs of joy, the Buddha, the
disciples, bringing love,
love, spreading across the ocean of the
world, sharing the seeds of
enlightenment, celebrating the birth of the Buddha.
[Music]
Let's sing together, the Buddha, let's sing
together, the Buddha, born together,
let's sing together, greeting the dawn, let's do joyful work, let's do joyful work, the
Buddha, born together, let's sing together, let's
sing
together, greeting the dawn, let's do
joyful love, let's do joyful love, let's do joyful love, the Buddha,
born together, let's sing together, the Buddha, born
together, let's sing together, let
's give each other a little bit of love.  Let's have fun, let's have
fun, then the Buddha will be born.
La la la La la la la
la.
[Applause]
[music]
ஆ